very important match between two
relegated turn and 18th
arles avignon 20th the towers do not
are only at one point of the 17th place
it will be necessary to make a result without
the milosevic harbor and rounded all
three hanging diamond hp slam and
kouakou injured but anti gold
back to tfc is holder side
arles-avignon larsen touré is suspended
yattara bommel rodriguez and psalm are
injured but the last recruit that we
know coming from dijon is holder
for the victor team 5 1 arles
Avignon is already ten points behind
the 17th place
you have to start and go on
results why in any eventual
retention
and watch out for this balloon recovered by
body knows who opens the score after
only seven minutes in the match
first goal in his new colors
for the old dijonnais
he managed to impose himself physically and
he comes to deceive the vigilance of bingo
or camara 1-0 for arles avignon to
outdoors
the answer is expected
quickly with this long center the
resumption point blank of the nato
analysis iam years ran away by axel
maraval the goalkeeper
d'arles-avignon pay attention to this
new attack and this contact
the mistake of samuel gigot red card
released by silva palace is the referee of the
match from the 11th minute of the game
arles avignon which leads to the score
found reduced to ten and the free kick
sumptuous andy delort who signs his
back under the colors of towers with
this wonderful goal first goal for him
obviously in league 2 this season
andy delort all happy to find
the colors they saw shine the
last season turns back to a
everywhere in the country that insists on
against 10 even though this andy's shot
delort and missed arles avignon en
numerical inferiority gets this
new opportunity with a hook
in the coral surface knows and the
referee who will release a yellow card
Touraine penalty against the offender in
favor of arles-avignon
it's a golden opportunity for
victor zvunka players we recognize
is untenable
he has already scored and there he gets this
penalty that can be very expensive
penalties save labine guru camara
amazing storyline in this match arles
Avignon has failed to take advantage
10 to 11 but that 's not the case
first period is still not
completed the beautiful heelade happened
when we know who is recovering and who
the double in the 42nd minute
amazing scenario with 7 passes
decisive heels of fousseyni cisse and
arles avignon who takes the advantage
two goals a round does not have long
benefited from its numerical superiority
another action for the tfc
but the referee returns everyone to
cloakroom 2 goals to 1 for arles avignon
this is the big surprise at half time
arles avignon who has never won
outside this season three points
taken from 33 possible
they are in the process of making a big
result that are on two defeats on
the score of 1-0 on the last
turn days on his side will try
to tear off the point of the draw
tan never made a draw
this season at home 5 wins and 6
defeats this is a peculiarity this
season
the towers that have opportunities
to equalize but it does not pass it remains
on two defeats 2 0 but they insist
with this beautiful brian pass
Bergougnoux
but the next one hits it again
possibility with this recovery of the
head and the rescue of axel maraval
the time is coming near the end of the
match the last twenty minutes
attention this free-kick balloon
amazing desailly feline cawi who is going
lob everyone 73rd minute
the equalization to two everywhere is his
first goal of the season and this
this time axel maraval can not do anything two
everywhere in this meeting
completely crazy and aim
hallucinating two cases yes and orange are
income and now they want
score the goal of the victory they
insist but arles avignon to 10
Resist until the end score 2
everywhere between towers and avignon arles